memberID	name	image	bio	colour	seatID0	Unassigned			#FFFFFF	01	Sir Mervyn King, governor		Governor of the Bank of England since 2003. King, a keen cricket fan, worked in academia as a professor at the London School of Economics before he became deputy governor and chief economist at the Bank	#BE0A26	12	Charles Bean, deputy governor		Deputy governor for monetary policy. Bean started his career in the Treasury before joining the London School of Economics as lecturer, professor and head of department. He has helld the posts of executive director and chief economist at the Bank	#E5352D	23	Paul Tucker, deputy governor 		Deputy governor for financial stability. Tucker was a banking supervisor and merchant banker before joining the Bank of England where he worked on financial stability and markets	#F29400	34	Andrew Sentance		Sentance was the MPC's arch-hawk – consistently voting for higher interest ra`tes to combat inflation – until he left after the May 2011 meeting. An external member, he was also a part-time professor of sustainable business at the University of Warwick and a member of the Commission for Integrated Transport. Previously, he was chief economist and head of environmental affairs at British Airways	#FCEA0D	45	Spencer Dale 		Dale joined the Bank in 1989. He is currently chief economist	#97BF0D	56	Paul Fisher		Fisher joined the Bank in 1990 after 10 years at the University of Warwick. He has held a variety of senior management roles at the Bank, including head of the foreign exchange division	#41A62A	67	David Miles		External member David Miles has worked in both academia and finance. He was chief UK economist at Morgan Stanley International, a special economic adviser to the Treasury and a visiting professor at Imperial College in London. He was the author of a 2004 Treasury report on the mortgage market	#39A9DC	78	Adam Posen 		A US economist from the Washington-based Peterson Institute. Posen is author of a book about Japan's 'lost decade' of banking collapse and economic slump and has served as visiting scholar at the Federal Reserve, the European Central Bank and the German Bundesbank. He was the first member appointed under new, more open recruitment procedures, which allowed applicants to submit their CVs	#0B72B5	89	Martin Weale		The former director at the National Institute of Economic and Social Research thinktank replaced Kate Barker on the committee in August 2010. His appointment as one of four external members means the MPC is all-male for the first time since its creation in 1997	#0C3183	910	Ben Broadbent 		Goldman Sachs economist Ben Broadbent replaced the hawkish Andrew Sentance as an external member. He holds a first-class degree from Cambridge University, and a PhD from Harvard. He has been an assistant professor at Columbia University and has worked both for the Treasury and the Bank of England	#FCEA0D	4